It's not the first time
What are you pretending to be reserved?
Last Night
Do you think we've never been apart?
You bastard
I'm sorry for hurting him like this when I obviously love him
It's my problem.
I'll give you the money back now.
Don't always talk to me about money, money, money
So you never thought of marrying me?
I actually forgot the old man's means
You've always treated me like a boss
Never considered a husband
Those that I ask for
He seems to be in pain
Isn't he the high-ranking Zhou Yanjing?
How could this be?
Don't go
Can you talk to me?
What do you want to say?
The remaining one billion
You'll be better off.
I can't take it.
If I take it
It's impossible with him anymore
You have someone you like
I like him.
It's been a long time.